Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will talk about why they chose the gradle as project dependency type.
I know that most of you can say that no one is the most common tool, but why did you go on with Gradle?
Because Credle has eesa configuration and better performance than Melen.
We also had that in our previous listen.
Let's see the performance difference when I give show this year shows the performance differences between
Gradle and someone for the same project, for the same mission.
We can see the gridlock is a really cool to all remember, because Credle avoids work by trading input
and output of tasks and only running what is necessary and only processing feis that changed when possible,
gradle and never allow for multi module builds to run in parallel.
However, Gradle allows for incremental builds because it checks which tasks are updated or not.
It is then the task is not executed, giving you a much shorter build time.
We can give you more reason to choose Gradle or watermelon, but I think that these reasons are enough
for us to choose it.
That's all for the weekend.
Thank you.